Topic 1:
All income groups were observed intensive usages  between 6 and 9am on weekdays and between 8 and 11am at the weekends. 
Both low-income group and high-income group seldom used electric shower at mid-night, also less frequently for the rest of the day.
Medium-income group was recorded to us electric shower in all 24 hours. There was a second peak noticed in the evening. At the weekends, high frequency existed between 5 and 11am, but relatively higher frequency also existed between 11am and 11 pm at the weekends (second peak).
In comparison between single young people and paired young people, the single young had intensive usages in early morning, but limited usages for the rest of the day.Paired young people tended to have relatively intensive usages between 7 and 9am, and equal distribution for the rest of the day.
Between homes consist of parents and children, homes with one child were recorded to have clustered usages in the morning and in the evening. Homes with two children had a relatively equal distribution.
Single old people seemed to mainly use electric shower in early mornings, but the paired elderly could have a relatively equal distribution.

Topic 2:
Young people (both single and paired) used electric shower in all 24 hours. They spent more time on shower at midnight (between 1 and 5pm).
Old people seldom used electric shower after 11pm and before 5am, the single elderly stopped using the shower from 10pm. The single elderly tended to spend much more time on shower, but the paired elderly spent least time on the shower (the duration was equally distributed) among all types of homes.
Homes consist of parents and children seldom used electric shower between 12pm and 4am. Homes with only one child used the shower for longer time at the weekends than on weekdays. Homes with two children sometimes spent more time than usual, but had a lower average than homes with one child.

Topic 3:
Generally the washing machines were mainly used between 7am and 7pm, with a slight drop at noon on weekdays.
The single elderly was weird. Not only because there was pattern of their usages (data highly distributed), but they tended to use that at mid night sometimes. According to electric shower data, it could be learnt that the elderly should be less active at night. Maybe they set timing for that?
Homes with children normally started to use them earlier, from 6am.

Topic 4:
Generally medium-income group spent less time on laundry than both high-income group and low-income group (medium-income group seldom used washing machines in early morning). Low-income group and medium-income group did laundry for shorter time at midnight, but high-income group set the washing machines for longer time in same time slots.
Abnormalities existed in records of both low-income group and high-income group.

Topic 5:
There is no direct correlation between usage of washing machine and electric shower in a single home. But in general, homes with both appliances used them most in Spring, least in summer, i.e.. more usages in winter than in summer. It is different from our hypothesis that appliances should be used more in summer than in winter because people do more activities.
